        "chunkedTranscription": "{\"0\":\"Hi And welcome. In this video we are going to discuss about priority disruption assistance. So let's get right into it. Priority disruption Assistance is an add-on service that allows customers to rebook an alternative flight if their flight is delayed by 2 hours or more, canceled, or if they miss a connecting flight due to a prior delay or cancellation. The cost of priority disruption assistance is 7% of the total ticket price, with a minimum of $28.95. \",\"30\":\"Moving on with the benefits of this product. This service offers customers a complimentary rebooking option if their flight is disrupted on the day of travel. We understand the frustration and confusion customers feel when they arrive at the airport, ready for their journey, only to be informed of a flight delay or cancellation. This situation can be even more stressful if they need to arrive at their destination at a specific time. To address these challenges, we've added this valuable benefit to our service, \",\"60\":\"ensuring customers can continue their journey without interruptions. Now, let's talk about how this product works. Priority Disruption Assistance provides the purchaser with a complimentary rebooking service if their originally scheduled flight is disrupted on the day of travel. This service is available only if the flight is delayed by more than 2 hours or canceled by the airline, involuntary change, and no reasonable rebooking options are offered by the airline. It's important to note that this product is not an insurance. \",\"90\":\"In order to be eligible of this service, the customer should meet the following conditions. The delay or cancellation must occur while being in transit and traveling to or from destination. In transit means the disruption must have occurred on the day of the original scheduled flight. As well, the delay or cancellation must be due to an eligible reason outside of passengers' control. Eligible reasons include, but are not limited to delays due to aircraft issues or weather. One \",\"120\":\"of the most important regulations here says that the service will be available only if on the date of the scheduled departure. The airline does not offer a reasonable rebooking option. A reasonable rebooking option is a new flight that either departs within one hour of the original scheduled departure time if available or departs on the next available flight. If the delay or cancellation happens late in the day and there are no suitable departing flights, the next available flight may be on the following day. The determination of whether an airline's rebooking \",\"150\":\"option is reasonable will be made at SLT's discretion. When we talk about a reasonable rebooking option, we mean that the airline offers a new flight that departs within one hour of the original scheduled time. If such a flight is available. If that's not possible, the airline should provide the next available flight. Now, if the delay or cancellation happens later in the day and there are no more flights available that day, the next available flight might be scheduled for the following day. \",\"180\":\"Finally, it's important to remember that the decision about whether a rebooking option is considered reasonable will be made by SLT based on their judgment and discretion. How payment for the new flight option works. If a customer is eligible for the assistance service, they may be offered a free rebooking for even exchanges. If no rebooking occurs, a 100% refund may be provided for the unused portion of the fare, but this will only happen if rebooking is not an option. However, \",\"210\":\"if there is a fair difference, if the new flight costs more than the original, the difference will be charged to the same card that was used for the original booking. If the rebooking options are not satisfactory, the customer can receive a refund for the unused portion of the fare. This refund can either be given in cash or as a travel voucher. It's important to note that the refund amount will exclude any discounts or promotions that were applied during the original booking. Choosing to receive a refund is considered the fulfillment of the assistance service, meaning \",\"240\":\"once the refund is processed, the service is considered complete. No additional refund will be given if the airline directly refunds the cost of the flight. Finally, refunds will be processed within 15 business days after the rebooking. Priority disruption assistance will be available on the main online authorization form and product OAF. To access it on the main OAF, the client needs to follow these steps. Fill out the passenger details section. Scroll \",\"270\":\"down to the TCS section. When the client reaches this section, after they will decline the TCS by selecting no on the pop-up. After confirming no, the client should scroll down further where they will see the option for priority disruption assistance. You'll find the links to the frequently asked questions document and the question form in the factopodia section on the right side. Feel free to use the form to submit any questions or request further clarification. Thank you. \"}",
