        "chunkedTranscription": "{\"0\":\"Hi and welcome to part 2 of DreamPass membership product overview. Let's continue with the benefits. Next benefit we have the SM feature. We are delighted to inform you that the clients who are activating DreamPass will be now provided with a complimentary SM. This benefit is designed to enhance customers' travel experience, ensuring they stay connected during their journey. The complimentary SM provided with Dream Pass ensures customers stay connected during their travels with data allowances \",\"30\":\"that vary by membership tier, all valid for 365 days. Silver members receive 10 gigabytes. Gold members and platinum members enjoy unlimited data during the trip only. Additionally, the SM offers unparalleled convenience and flexibility, allowing for instant activation and usage without the need for a physical SIM card. Moreover, the SM is valid in 140 countries, offering extensive global coverage. This wide ranging accessibility ensures that users can stay connected wherever they travel, allowing for uninterrupted \",\"60\":\"access to data services, whether for business trips, vacations, or international relocations. This feature significantly improves their experience by providing reliable connectivity across various regions, making it easier than ever to communicate and access essential services on the go. You can find the list of countries where our ESIM is valid in our Factopedia. Additionally, this feature is available for all plans, ensuring accessibility for all members regardless of their chosen plan, promoting a consistent and valuable experience \",\"90\":\"across our services. Furthermore, users have the option to top up their offering, enabling them to easily add more data as needed, ensuring that clients can customize their data usage to fit their specific requirements. List of valid countries is available by the link, Dreampass.app/SM-countries. Now that we're moving into how the ESM works, let's start with the very first step in the experience, which is the trial package. When a member activates their SM, they automatically receive a 500 megabyte \",\"120\":\"data package that is valid for 1 year. This is a trial package, and its purpose is very intentional. It allows the customer to activate the SSM ahead of time, make sure it installs correctly on their device, and confirm that everything works before they travel. At the same time, the limited data amount helps prevent the SM from being used extensively in the customer's home country. In other words, it's enough to test the service, but not enough to replace regular mobile data. Once the 500 megabytes trial data is fully used, the customer receives \",\"150\":\"a notification letting them know that their unlimited travel SM package will be added one day before their trip begins, including the exact start date shown. With the trial phase complete, let's look at what happens when the actual travel period begins. One day before the customer's flight departure, the main SM package is automatically created and assigned. This package is set up as a 365 day SM with a total data limit of 50 gigabytes. The limit is in place to ensure fair usage and to protect the system from abuse \",\"180\":\"while still offering generous data for travel. During the trip, Customers receive up to 3 gigabytes of high-speed data per day. After the daily high speed limit is reached, the data does not stop. Instead, the speed is reduced to 256 kilobits per second for the remainder of that day and then resets the next day. Now that we understand how the SM data works during the trip, let's cover the assignment and deactivation rules, which are critical for setting correct expectations with customers. The SM package \",\"210\":\"is always assigned one day before the trip starts and is automatically deactivated on the trip's end date. Once the package is deactivated, the customer receives a confirmation message letting them know that their unlimited SM data has ended and advising them to contact support if they are still traveling for all types of trips, including both one-way and round trip itineraries. The maximum duration of the SM package is up to 60 days. It's also important to note that SM packages are assigned per booking, not per customer. Finally, if a customer's membership ends, \",\"240\":\"all associated SM packages are automatically disabled. Now that you're familiar with the benefits, let's explore the activation process. Users will receive clear instructions on how to activate their EM directly from their device. The activation can typically be completed in just a few simple steps, allowing them to start enjoying the benefits of EI without delay. The initial step in the process is to activate the DreamPass subscription. After the purchase, the members will receive a welcome email that includes a detailed \",\"270\":\"description of the product and its benefits. The 3rd step involves downloading the DreamPass app and signing up or login. Once the customers receive the welcome email, they will have to click on the shared link, and this will redirect them to the interface where they can proceed with the next steps in the activation process. Step number 4, the users have 3 options to activate the SM on the main screen, in the DreamPass membership section, and in the My SM section at the bottom of the app. Next, the customer has to press activate SM button to generate the QR \",\"300\":\"code. Customers have to install the eSIM depending on the device. There are different instructions on how to do it on Android or iOS. Tutorials for ESIM installation will be available on the landing page as well as in the app. You can find the instructions for SM installation on Android and on iOS devices in this lesson's factopedia. Clients have 3 activation entry points in the DreamPass app to activate the Global Travel SM. The first option is directly from the main screen of the app. The second \",\"330\":\"option is in the membership section. The third option is through the MySM section, also located on the bottom navigation bar. Once inside the activation flow, clients can opt for ASM or activate SM as shown in the 1st and 2nd image. This action will generate a QR code that must be scanned and installed on the device to complete activation. For iOS users, there is a faster option. They can tap and hold the QR code to open a quick menu and choose Add SM. Additionally, \",\"360\":\"an Activate SM button is displayed below the QR code. However, this feature is only available for devices running iOS 17.4 or later. After successfully installing the SSM, agents must instruct the client to complete the following steps, ensure the SSM is turned on, enable data roaming, set the SM as the primary data option, and configure the APN access point name to global data. Once activated, the client will be able to manage \",\"390\":\"their global travel lesson directly within the DreamPass app. We also have a feature that lets customers manage their EM directly in the app. With this update, they can easily see if their SM is active or expired, check how long their package is still valid, and add more data if needed, with options ranging from 1 gigabyte to 20 gigabytes. To add extra data, they can either tap the top-up button or select Plus Add SM, and both options will take them to the same page where they can choose and purchase additional data. \",\"420\":\"Now that we've discussed SM benefits, we will move on to the next one. For members only deals, widget selling points are Enjoy members only deals, world's greatest entertainment brands and Express VPN available only to our members. We are excited to announce our new partnership with member deals. This means that Dream Pass members now have access to exclusive savings on theme parks, concerts, movie tickets, and so much more. Member deals opens the door to incredible offers from \",\"450\":\"some of the world's greatest entertainment brands, including Walt Disney World and Resort, Universal Orlando Resort, Cirque du Soleil, SeaWorld Parks and Entertainment, and many other worldwide attractions, all at special discounted prices that are not available to the general public. Another great benefit is a discount on Express VPN. This helps customers browse safely and privately while traveling. They can get 35% off by using the code DreamPass at checkout. The offer is available on 1 year and 2-year plans. \",\"480\":\"With Express VPN, they can protect their personal communication, access content from around the world, and connect to servers in over 160 locations. Now let's look at how this benefit works. It's very simple. First, the client needs to activate their Dream Pass membership. Once it's activated, they will receive a welcome email. Inside that email, under the section called Unlock Special Offers, they will find a link to the member deals portal. The same link is also available \",\"510\":\"on the OAF under the banner Members Only deals. Once they click the link, they can immediately access and explore their exclusive offers. The Express VPN offer can be accessed in the same way. It is also located under the unlock special offers section where clients can open the link and apply their discount. Another valuable benefit included with membership is the disrupted flight compensation program. This means members can receive up to €600 if their flight is delayed or canceled. The customer is notified automatically \",\"540\":\"when their flight is eligible, so they don't have to worry about missing out on their eligible compensation. Let's walk through how the process works. If a flight is delayed or canceled, the customer receives an automatic email inviting them to submit a claim. Starting the claim is simple. They just fill out a short form with basic information like name, email, and payment details. Our trusted partner AirHelp handles the claim processing quickly and efficiently. Once approved, the compensation amount is credited directly back \",\"570\":\"to the customer's credit card. It's a fast, easy, and stress-free process. No extra effort required from the customer. Thank you. Watch the next lesson to find out about the remaining benefits. \"}",
